Software Used

Anaconda jupyter environment was used for this project. Jupyter is a project which produces browser-based interactive 
environments for programming, mathematics, and data science. It supports a number of languages via plugins ("kernels"), 
such as Python, Ruby, Haskell, R, Scala and Julia.

Libraries Used

Pandas
In computer programming, pandas is a software library written for the Python programming language for data manipulation 
and analysis. In particular, it offers data structures and operations for manipulating numerical tables and time series. 
It is free software released under the three-clause BSD license.

NumPy 
NumPy is a library for the Python programming language, adding support for large, multi-dimensional arrays and matrices, 
along with a large collection of high-level mathematical functions to operate on these arrays.

Scikit-learn
Scikit-learn (formerly scikits.learn) is a free software machine learning library for the Python programming language.
It features various classification, regression and clustering algorithms including support vector machines,
random forests, gradient boosting, k-means and DBSCAN, and is designed to interoperate with the Python numerical and
scientific libraries NumPy and SciPy.

NLTK(Natural Language Toolkit)
NLTK is a leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data. It provides easy-to-use 
interfaces to over 50 corpora and lexical resources such as WordNet, along with a suite of text processing libraries 
for classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging, parsing, and semantic reasoning, wrappers for industrial-strength
NLP libraries, and an active discussion forum.

Matplotlib
Matplotlib is a Python 2D plotting library which produces publication quality figures in a variety of hardcopy formats 
and interactive environments across platforms. Matplotlib can be used in Python scripts, the Python and IPython shells, 
the Jupyter notebook, web application servers, and four graphical user interface toolkits.

Seaborn
Seaborn is a graphic library built on top of Matplotlib. It allows to make your charts prettier, and facilitates some
of the common data visualisation needs (like mapping a color to a variable or using faceting). 

Dataset Downloaded from:-

https://www.kaggle.com/snap/amazon-fine-food-reviews/data
